Update configuration order precedence text (#33404)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/fleet_automation/remote_management.md

### Configuration precedence

Configuration changes deployed from Fleet Automation are appended into the Datadog Agent’s local configuration. In the case of conflict at a configuration field level, Fleet Automation will override the local configuration. In short, the most recent configuration change, whether made by Fleet Automation, configuration management tools, or directly on the host becomes the Agent’s active configuration.

> You can use [Fleet Automation Audit Trail][18] to gain visibility into and alert on recent configuration changes to your Agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [Fleet Automation Audit Trail][18] to gain visibility into recent configuration changes to your Agents and to set up alerts on those changes.
```
